glad you could join us once again I'm
part ills me Andy Townsend is my
co-commentator live always a pleasure to
be here or more promises to be a great
occasion
this is the kind of game they've really
got to be winning in there to reach the
levels that they are aspiring to at this
pub yeah come on it's not unfair to ask
rival team like theirs to perform and go
and win a match like this they should
should be climbing the points here here
we go
that's a good interception
Dida
Esposito
e to the area and that's tamely into the
hands of the king
we don't get past em so often
ronaldinho
tackle that why
he is the intelligent defender
ronaldinho
nothing more than a go k
his chubby
albro
I was a dreadful past relative his
teammates are telling him so needs to
wake up
it's a chance no problem for the
defender
Zen donate
rim position again Vandenberg
has he found someone will get there
first keep the Paris
ronaldinho
I've lost the ball here
so that coming tonight
clear the danger dispossessed
Esposito
alright
Dida
Lana Johnson
albro
always dad you and this man's on the
board I would like to go to attack aware
that fly
they broken up in possession changes
hands this is chappy
good passing that it's got to keep
holding the ball better exchanging
passes
accurate passing
something
it's really stretch the defense with
this run
what can they produce him the corner
calling it be completely miscue there
his team can produce in quality from the
corners but that's an opportunity
squandered
looking to make some progress down the
way
that's out for throat
ronaldinho possession has been given up
here
company
so important to keep possession it's a
corner we all know what they can do from
corners
unable to keep hold of the wall
albro
Schultz
unable to make any progress down that
flank
Esposito
dido
they're going to close you down here
Charles maybe wouldn't let him cause
secreta last year
as much as their defensive organization
there to scrap them battle to keep them
out but they stood firm
and what was getting to that before him
cos was a bit too obvious
ronaldinho
they were looking for a ref deserves a
lot of credit actually let it go
initially but there was no advantage so
he's given the free kick now
maybe a jog but he's hit of the ball
the hands of the caper
there's some promise about this attack
now
albro
ronaldinho
shoes
off they go back to the dressing rooms
where they score and nil nil
well unless a improves Clive I'm off 10
minutes before the anomaly do to it